Feature/issue 535 android 13 migration guide (#536)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Migrating to Newer SDL Java Suite Versions/Updating to v5.6/index.md

> # Upgrading to 5.6

Reviewer: I think this should be "Updating" instead of "Upgrading" so that it matches the name of the page. It looks like we first started using "Upgrading" on `Updating to v4.9` so should change the title there (from "Upgrading" to "Updating") and on each following version.

## Overview

This guide is to help developers get set up with the SDL Java Suite library version 5.6.0. It is assumed that the developer is already updated to at least version 5.5.0 of the library.

The full release notes are published [here](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_java_suite/releases).

SDL Java Suite library version 5.6.0 adds support for Android 13.

## POST_NOTIFICATIONS Runtime Permissions
Starting in Android 13, for the library and app to display notifications, app developers will need to request the new `POST_NOTIFICATIONS` runtime permission.

This means the permission will need to be listed in the `AndroidManifest.xml` file.

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.POST_NOTIFICATIONS"
        tools:targetApi="33"/>
```

> The developer will also need to request this permission from the user as it is a runtime permission, given that apps need to request the BLUETOOTH_CONNECT permission with Andoid S API 31 and above, below is an example on how to request both at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developer will also need to request this permission from the user as it is a runtime permission. Given that apps need to request the BLUETOOTH_CONNECT permission with Android S (API Level 31) and above, below is an example of how to request both at the same time.
```
